# CS50 Wikipedia API Data Visualization
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/Cr_vgIdxZME
#### Description: I have created a Wikipedia API regular expression crawler code into an html page using JavaScript to output data from user input as countries to output GDP per Capita from countries into a graph for comparison and visualization. The code takes an input and converts it into a variable from text boxes in the HTML and parses the terms through JSON search queries in the Wikipedia api to recieve the page with all of the countries GDP info, then a regular expression extracts the GDP per Capita from those countries and updates the graph, repeatably. The chart uses the variables provided by the user and the data recieved using ChartJS and as new inputs come in auto updates the graph. The xlabel variable is pushed on landing at a country and can hold as many as the user wants, as well as the GDP array. The code uses one nested function for all functions, waiting until the user has put in a country with and IF statement with the capability of taking two variables at a time. I am hoping people can use this code so people can visualize each and many countries gdp and make comparisons in a much user friendly way, for whatever reason they have, financial, tourism or just curiosity. I decided to use select statements in the JavaScript because event listeners were not working to my liking and I wanted the graph to output the data instantly and not clear the previous data, the select statements without using a submit button work much faster and cleaner as well as not having to wait for a submit. The code can also be used for subdivisions inside countries, should those states or provinces have a GDP listed in their wikipedia page. The JSON parsers were fun to use, looking through each array to find the drop down with all of the information and then writing a regular expression over and over until i found one that would output the gdp, and then converting that string into a numeric number after having removed the comma, I am hoping to continue this project on my own time and update it to not just look up GDP, and have regular expressions and options for population density, demographics, advancement indexes and all data available in general. The future graphs will look much cleaner and not just use bar graphs and output data from more than one variable as well as a drop down menu for all countries available with a gdp and other data they want to look up on the side or on the same graph to find correlations. In the future my graph will output more data as a reference like population and even automatically its gdp as I turn this into a a personal project. I had a lot of problems with the html communicating with the json, trying event listeners and async functions and on submit buttons but i came up with many problems during the production phase. I overcame the problem of my code running automatically by adding if input is 0, dont append as well as updating the chart automatically with the myChart().update function, which really came in handy







